Overall Goal:
We want to determine the feasibility of Spiderman's notorious web-slinging abilities.
We would like to examine this both from a materials persepctive, considering
the strength of the web he uses, and from the physical perspective of swinging
from an elastic pendulum while firing mass in the opposite direction to motion.
We also want to determine the ideal pendulum or web-slinging strategy for 
spiderman to travel at top speed through a city street.

Specific objectives:
We want to accurately model spiderman's webslinging through an idealized
environment consisting of two infinite walls on either side of a street with 
a fixed width and infinite length. Initially we will consider the webs
to be simple springs and seek mainly to discover what the material limitations 
on his web are as far as strength, spring constant, and strength. We would then
like to do a regression testing using a bevy of assorted controls algorithms
to attempt to arrive at an ideal strategy for traversal.

Educational significance:
Abe: Very interested in the materials science part of this assignment, 
as well as generally developing a better understanding of the modelling
of physical system in a rigorous way. Currently enrolled in Stuff of History, 
and wants to develop a better understanding of tensile and stress properties.
Slater: Very interesting the machine learning portion of the regression testing,
as well as the controls algorithms that tie directly into his research on combined
fuel cycles. Also very interesed in materials science and failure analysis. 
Took material science freshman year and NINJA'd stuff second semester.

Intellectual Impact:
This is a system that would seem simple at first, but upon closer 
inspection it quickly becomes an intricate mechanical problem. This problem
also is a great illustration of a number of simple systems coming together
to form a system that quickly becomes extremely complex. Additionally,
it is a problem that has a simple to asses entry point that also allows
for an extension to almost arbitrary complexity with interesting problems
arising at every point along the way.

Broader Impacts:
The iconic web-slinging super hero has been seen
by innumerable people world round, but as of yet there hass been no real
quantitative investigation into his abilities. The one attempt that was
made by Emory professor Skip Garibaldi has recieved a huge amount of press
coverage. Additionally, this could have potentially large rammifications
within the physics education space, encouraging students at the level of
high school and above to thouroughly investigate higher level physics as a 
tool for the investigation of their childhood superheroes.


