My personal interests that are directly relevant to this project are largely centered around my passions for education, artificial intelligence, and optimization strategies. I think that this project will help me further my interests in these spaces by providing a highly educational and "cool" project that can both be taken seriously in an intellectual context, and seen as a project that makes children excited about going into STEM fields and learning hard sciences such as physics.

My passion about artificial intelligence and optimization strategies comes from a sustainability space. I worked a lot on geology and planetary science throughout high school and became interested in sustainability at that time. I see the core problem at the heart of sustainability to be that fact that we developed the ability to use resources hundreds of times faster during the industrial revolution, but we have yet to develop the ability to use those resources more efficiently or intelligently. I think that be developing artificial intelligence we can ultimately maintain all of the luxury we currently do, and in fact gain more, while being hugely more sustainable.

In this vein I have a large amount of experience with artificial intelligence which overlaps heavily with the problem of optimization. This semester I started doing research with Abigail Mechtenberg on developing an optimized controls strategy for hybrid vehicles. The optimization problem of spiderman slinging through a city, while it may seem farsical, is a concrete combination of the construction of a complex mechanical system in functional  terms, and the optimization required to bring that mechanical system to an ideal point of operation. I think that the skills used in this are hugely applicable, not just to this project, but in solving the various mechanical optimizations that are such a large part of sustainable development.

Physics is certainly not my strong suit, and while I think I will be able to pull my weight on this project, I don't think I'll be able to come up with radical new ways of looking at physical systems. However, optimization is a problem that I am very good at and I would love to learn how to fully integrate the new knowledge of mechanics that I have gained with my older expertise and thereby increase my ability in both.