1. As far as pre-existing work goes we originally investigated the work done by Emory
professor Skip Garibaldi, but upon further contact it appears that his work will not
be extremely useful to us. Instead we're looking to base our work on the previous work
done on elastic pendulums by A.H.P. van der Burgh(1975) and Vetyukov(2004). Additionally
we will base our treatment of spiderweb's material properties on Vollrath(2000). These are
appropriate resource because not only to they directly deal with the technical areas
in our project, but the additionally are very comprehensive and should give an overview 
wide enough to properly get us up to speed on the current state of this branch of physics.

2. For pre-existing data we intend to use the data sets on spider silk present in both
Vollrath(2000) and Agnarsson(2010). As far as the data for the elastic pendulum goes
we will attempt to put together a basic experimental setup to ensure that we have the
basic physics accurately modelled. Past this basic level of verification however it will
be difficult to compare our model with existing data beyond our own intuitions due to the
novel nature of the work. We will compare our results to the countless representations of
our work throughout popular media, however these representations do not make for an 
accurate representation
of reality.

3. We are planning on using numpy for the simulations themselves as well as openopt for
the optimization portion of our project. These are python libraries designed for fast
numerical calculation and fast nonlinear optimization respectively. We will also likely
use vpython for visualizations of our simulations.

4. See 2.

5. Before the official start of the project (Aoril 19):
       We will familiarize ourselves with models of elastic pendulums.
   During Week 1 of the project:
       Over the weekend (April 19-April 23) we will approach an analytical and a numerical
          solution to the problem of a spherical spring pendulum, likely only finding the
	  numerical
       During the week (April 23-April 26) we will work on a full simulation of spiderman,
          with the goal of being able to simulate spiderman's webslinging in differenr
	  scenarios
   During Week 2 of the project:
       Over the weekend (April 16-April 30) we will approach the problem of optimizing
       	  Spiderman's webslinging, using openopt and simple AIs. We don't expect to finish
	  this part over the weekend, but we will make a valiant effort
       On the last day of class (April 30) we will continue working on our simulations and
       	  decide how much work we will continue to do
       Between the last day and the presentation (April 30-May 9) we will put together the
          paper and presentation and finish any optimizations we've deemed acceptable.
